java.io.File ^create
java.io.File ^mkdir
java.io.File renameTo
java.io.File delete
java.io.BufferedReader ^read
java.io.BufferedWriter write
java.io.BufferedWriter append
java.io.FileInputStream read
java.io.FileOutputStream write
java.io.FileReader read
java.io.FileWriter write
java.io.PrintWriter ^print
java.io.PrintWriter append
java.io.PrintWriter write
java.io.InputStreamReader read
java.io.OutputStreamWriter write
java.io.DataInputStream ^read
java.io.DataOutputStream ^write
java.io.BufferedInputStream read
java.io.BufferedOutputStream write
java.io.InputStream read
java.io.OutputStream write
java.io.DataInput ^read
java.io.DataOutput ^write
java.io.RandomAccessFile ^write
java.io.RandomAccessFile ^read
java.nio.MappedByteBuffer ^put
java.nio.MappedByteBuffer ^get